1.46 complete changelog

XTC New Unlimited Ammo item properties

New Base Class: Beastmaster
New Base Class: Skald
New Base Class: Factotum
New PrC: Bloodline Exemplar
New PrC: Force Mage
New PrC: Mystic Reservist
New PrC: Templar
New PrC: Knight of the Wild
New PrC: Stalker of the Depths
New PrC: Beast Heart Adept
New Prestige Class: Vengeance Taker

New Weapons:
New Weapon: Bec de Corbin
New Weapon: Guisarme 
New Weapon: Lucerne Hammer
New Weapon: Short Spear
New Weapon: Curve Blade, Elven or Fauchard
New Weapon: Longhammer, Dwarven
New Weapon: Maul 
New Weapon: Mattock 
New Weapon: Pike (Totem Spear)  

Hexblade Changes
Hexblade - New Feat: Arcane Heroism
Hexblade - New Feat: Siphon the Weave
Hexblade - New Feat: Arcane Mastery
Hexblade - Replace Slow with Spiderskin (no VFX)
Hexblade - Replace Identify with Shield
Hexblade - Replace Hound of Doom with Haste
Hexblade - Replace Augment Familiar with Ghostly Visage
Hexblade Minor Shapeshift now provides a +1 DC with curses
Hexblade Minor Shapeshift now lasts 1 round per caster level
Lingering Aura replaced with Arcane Mastery
Lingering Curse is going to provide a +1 DC with curses
Arcane Strikes will provide a +1 DC
Boon of the Unlucky will provide a +1 DC with curses
Hexblade bonus feats at 5,10,15,20,25,30
Aura of Unluck is now instant
Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence updated with a targeting UI
Dark Companion spell name corrected (no longer Dreadful Wrath)
Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence can no longer affect the original target twice
Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence now get the location of the target to cycle spells instead of using the GetSpellTargetLocation call.
Hexblade spellcasting now provides more spells per day by level 20 (4 level 1, 4 level 2, 3 level 3, and 3 level 4 spells - an increase of +1 level 1 and 2 spells as follows: 
1st Level: 0 at 4th, 1 at 5th, 2 at 9th, 3 at 13th, 4 at 17th
2nd Level: 0 at 7th, 1 at 8th, 2 at 12th, 3 at 16th, 4 at 20th
3rd Level: 0 at 10th, 1 at 11th, 2 at 15th, 3 at 19th
4th Level: 0 at 13th, 1 at 14th, 2 at 18th, 3 at 20th
Hexblade caster level is now equal to their class level.
Hexblade removes the upcoming feats section of the class description
Spellcasting Prodigy now adds +1 additional cast per day of each spell level known for Hexblades (maximum still 8 )
Siphon the Weave increases your Curse DC by 1.
Extra Hexblade's Curse: Each feat increases your Curse DC by 1.
Epic Misfortune: Now increases your Curse DC by 1.
Boon of the Unlucky: Now increases the concealment of Aura of Unluck by 10%
Extra Aura of Unluck: Now increases Aura duration by 2 rounds.
Arcane Strike: Deals 1 additional point of magic damage for every 5 levels past 5th (3 at 10th, 4 at 15th, 5 at 20th, 6 at 25th, and 7 at 30th) 
if Hexblade is the only class the character has.
Vampiric Touch casts as though maximized and caps at 15d6.
Fixed bug in stacking uses per day of level 2-4 spells.
Spiderskin now lasts 10 minutes per CL
Hexblade and Factotum's Greater Magic Weapon now affects both hands to support dual wielders.
Practiced Caster (Hexblade): Your Mettle ability now provides 10 + 
Hexblade level Spell Resistance at level 13. Spellcasting Prodigy improves this by +2.
Fixed bugs in AE cycling for curses
Ability Focus (Hexblade's Curse): Your Curses now debuff your target's Will save by 4 points even when you fail to curse them.
Update Hexblade description with revised section of class feats.
Bug fixed which now allows Epic Dark Companion to be taken
New Feat: Epic Dark Companion
Type of Feat: Class
Prerequisite: Character level 21+, Hexblade 26.
Specifics: Your dark companion inflicts a -4 penalty instead of -2.
Use: Automatic
New Feat: Arcane Servant of Darkness
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Hexblade 5, Blackguard 1
Specifics: Your Blackguard levels count as Hexblade levels for determining the Hexblade caster level, curse uses per day, curses known, and hexblade 
level for curse DC. If you have the Practiced Caster (Hexblade) feat then Blackguard levels will count as Hexblade levels for spells known as well as 
providing a +1 DC bonus for curses and the demoralize opponent ability.


Class Skills
Wilderness Stalker now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Whirling Dervish now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Warrior of Darkness now has Taunt as a class skill
Scout now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Ranger now has Taunt as a class skill
Paladin now has Taunt as a class skill
NWN9 now has Taunt as a class skill
Nightsong Enforcer now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Ninja now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Dwarven Defender now has Lore and Taunt as class skills
Dread Pirate now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
Dragon Warrior now has Taunt as a class skill
Champion of the Wild now has Taunt as a class skill
Blackguard now has Taunt as a class skill
Anointed Knight now has Taunt as a class skill
Shadow Daze can now be used three times per day
Bard now has Intimidate as a class skill.
Thug now has Appraise as a class skill.

Warlock Changes
Warlock's Caster's Lament removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Devour Magic removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Curse of Despair removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Invisibility Purge removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Voracious Dispel removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Charm removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Warlock's Dead Walk removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
Word of Changing now gains the 28 SR the form has
Devour Magic now has a caster level cap of 25, up from 20

Fighter Changes
Armor Training: Starting at 3rd level, a fighter learns to be more maneuverable while wearing armor. Whenever he is wearing armor, he reduces 
the armor check penalty by 1 (to a minimum of 0) and increases the maximum Dexterity bonus allowed by his armor by 1. Every four levels thereafter 
(7th, 11th, and 15th), these bonuses increase by +1 each time, to a maximum –4 reduction of the armor check penalty and a +4 increase of the maximum 
Dexterity bonus allowed. This bonus is lost if the character has levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.
Armor Mastery: At 19th level, a fighter gains DR 5/— whenever he is wearing armor or using a shield. This bonus is lost if the character has 
levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.
Weapon Training: Starting at 5th level, a fighter gains a +1 bonus on attack and damage rolls. Every four levels thereafter (9th, 13th, 17th, and 
20th), the bonuses increase by +1. This bonus is lost if the character has levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.


General Changes
New Background Feat: Pack Hunter
New Feat: Spirited Pack Warfare
New Feat: Companion Shielding
New Feat: Greater Nature's Gift
New Feat:  Improved Natural Attack
New animal companions available (optional download)
Critical fix for engine bug with Practiced Invoker causing Eldritch Blasts to only deal 2d6 regardless of what your blast die should be/shows on the character sheet. 
Oversized two-weapon fighting fixed for small races (courtesy of the PW Ashaba)
Utterdark blast no longer mentions healing undead.
CICraftCraftWand function in x2_inc_craft fixed so that FS/SS are added to the divine use limitation set
Ember Guard is no longer a specific form. It is now a bonus when using the Earth Elemental Shape. It provides a +2 AB bonus, +1d6 Fire Shield, and 
+1d6 Fire damage to melee. All previous cmi_options for Ember Guard are removed.
Web spell no longer mentions a spell resistance check
Rage duration on NPCs 10x
Whirling Dervish levels now correctly stack for sneak attack
Protective Ward feat - it treats Paladin and Knight of the Wild levels as Ranger levels at level 2 Knight of the Wild
cmi_s2_fervor needs to cap at 10 Templar levels, not 24 (+5 vs +12)
Sacred Purification now has a 12s cooldown.
Sacred Purification now heals/harms for 1d8 for every 2 points of Charisma modifier plus your Charisma modifier. A 22 Charisma (+6) now heals 
for 3d8 + 6.
Tortoise Skin no longer has a VFX (replaced with Premonition)
Wildfire blades allows IB levels to count as Ranger for Protective Ward.
Frenzy no longer damages NPCs
Frenzy lasts 10x at long for NPCs
Genasi no longer have +1 ECL, no longer gain free martial weapon proficiency
Clone spells may no longer be cast while possessing a familiar.
Blind-Fighting now provides immunity to blindness (except for the Yuan-ti)
Improved Aura of Despair requirements changed from 25 Cha to 21 Cha/Blackguard 8
Half-elves gain a +2 Con bonus
Devoted Tracker now only requires a single level of Paladin instead of 5.
Child of Night no longer shows Listen as a class skill
Blade of Shadows prereqs changed to include normal 2d6 sneak attack, no longer account for NWN9's frantic reactions.
Arcane Archer description no longer indicates Tumble is a class skill Rangers with the power attack line in armor heavier than light suffer a 
-4 AB penalty
Paladin and Ranger caster level options gains a new option for CL - 3 (matching Pathfinder)
Ranger Full Caster level option now accounts for Marksman
Elemental Warrior gains 20 to their energy resist at level 5.
Bonus HP fix from RoT
IsLightArmorValid split into IsNoArmorValid and IsLightArmorValid so light armor works correctly (Dervish armor issue)
Improved Aura of Despair no longer requires Cha 25, now requires Cha 21 and Blackguard 8
Half-Drow gain +2 Con
Resting will add the passive feats for Fighters if they do not have it yet
Adrenaline Boost now provides 5 additional points of temporary health.
Adrenaline Boost now autotargets the caster.
Anoint Weapon and Darkling Weapon now affect the off-hand
Reserve Feat descriptions updated with new changes
Update description of Unarmed Combat Mastery to include the polymorph penalty.
Blackguard's Manifest Death spell now correctly works
The Touch of Fatigue spell, Snowflake Wardance feat, and Inspire Frenzy abilities will no longer apply fatigue if you have the Tireless feat. Currently only Rage, Frenzy, and Dervish Dance ignore fatigue for Tireless.
Elite Commando no longer provides sneak attack when you take a path other than Shadow. Those with too many dice of sneak attack will be fixed in 1.46.
Elite Commando text description updated to remove any traces of the Underdark Marauder.
Stack sizes for ammo and thrown weapons increased to 999.
Gloves no longer require any armor proficiency to wear.
Skullclan Hunter now mentions it has Paladin spellcasting progression.
Gift of Healing now shows the affected area
Bigby's Forceful and Grasping hand now account for the higher of the targets Strength and Dexterity as a trip attack should.
Factotum's Greater Magic Weapon now affects both hands to support dual wielders.
Ranger description now mentions Hide in Plain Sight is available at level 14 XTC
Neverwinter Nine renamed to Protector
Neverwinter Nine's Protective Aura now provides Dodge AC instead of Deflection AC. Aura range doubled.
Neverwinter Nine's Protective Aura affected area is now 20' and improves to 30' at 4th level.
Deep Slumber now affects up to 10 HD creatures. Creatures Immune to sleep no longer count against the affected HD total.
Reserve feats now use the highest mental stat
Templar levels now stack with Paladin for the purposes of LoH.
Doomguide description mentions it gets exotic weapon proficiency
Bards may now cast Gust of Wind
Ghost Step now has alternate text to indicate the player just dissapeared.
Ghost Step now has a 12s cooldown.
Ghostly Visage enabled for Hexblades (formerly augment familiar)
Frightful Attack will now properly respect immunities as well as the hit dice of all parties involved.
Cloudkill now sends a message to the player when they take Con damage.
Cloudkill now sends a message to the player when they are killed due to a 0 Con.
Cloudkill now correctly kills players with a zero Con during the heartbeat instead of just when entering the cloud. 
Bug with full caster level option not respecting the Pathfinder setting fixed. Rangers/Paladins will now correctly get CL - 3 when Option 2 is set 
in the options.
Vampiric Feast no longer summons a shadow.
Lion of Talisid correctly mentions Medium BAB for the class XTC
Templar class description no longer mentions any ties to a deity's favored weapon
Spell based sneak attack is now disabled if Daring Outlaw/etc is present.
Skald icon changed to Swashbuckler icon
Monk and Rogue class descriptions now mention they have high bab at 21-30
Ranger Power Attack line now mentions the -4 AB penalty when wearing armor heavier than light.
Rogue description updated to indicate they have access to HiPS at 13+
Banishment now affects elementals
Dismissal and Banishment will no longer kill animal companions and familiars
Hawkeye is correctly set to be a level 1 spell for Rangers
Ghost-faced Killer now gains Ghost Sight at 7th per pnp. Existing players will receive the feat the next time they rest.
Frenzied Berserker's Frenzy description updated to indicate it only deals 2 damage per round when you have barbarian levels and 6 if you do not.
Spirit Shaman class description updated to mention it uses Wisdom for DC and spells known.
Dark Lantern now mentions that Crippling Strike must be taken while leveling up as a Dark Lantern.
Hexblades are now repaired for number of curses per day as well as number of spells per day. This happens once per login session when you rest.
Monks are now repaired for any missing feats. This happens once per login session when you rest.
Added EffectHeal to AnimalCompanion after it has been summoned to account for Toughness
All clone spells now only work on hostile targets
All clone spells have a HD cap equal to half their caster level similar to pen and paper.


Swashbuckler changes:
Evasion is now granted at level 9
Improved Evasion is now granted at level 16
Bleeding Wound - At 6th level, when a Swashbuckler hits with a successful sneak attack, he inflicts a bleeding wound that deals 2 points 
of damage per round for 3 rounds. This damage stacks with previous damage caused by a Bleeding Wound attack. He must be either unarmed or wielding 
only light weapons in order to inflict a Bleeding Wound. At 12th level, the damage increases to 4 per round, and at 18th level, it increases to 6 
points per round. Each level of Bleeding Wound counts as one die of sneak attack damage for purposes of class and feat prerequisites.
Swashbucklers gain a bonus feat at 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, and 30. They also gain a bonus epic feat at 23, 26, and 29th level.

Paladin changes:
Paladin spellcasting now provides more spells per day by level 20 (4 level 1, 4 level 2, 3 level 3, and 3 level 4 spells - an increase of +1 
level 1 and 2 spells as follows: 
1st Level: 0 at 4th, 1 at 5th, 2 at 9th, 3 at 13th, 4 at 17th
2nd Level: 0 at 7th, 1 at 8th, 2 at 12th, 3 at 16th, 4 at 20th
3rd Level: 0 at 10th, 1 at 11th, 2 at 15th, 3 at 19th
4th Level: 0 at 13th, 1 at 14th, 2 at 18th, 3 at 20th
New Ability: Channel Positive Energy (Su): 
Type of Feat: Class
Specifics: When a paladin reaches 4th level, she gains the supernatural ability to channel positive energy. Using this ability consumes two uses of 
her turn undead ability. Channeling energy causes a burst that affects all creatures in a 30-foot radius centered on the cleric. The amount of damage 
dealt or healed is equal to 1d6 points of damage plus 1d6 points of damage for every two paladin levels beyond 1st (2d6 at 3rd, 3d6 at 5th, and so 
on). At 20th level the Paladin always heals or harms for the maximum value. Undead creatures will take damage from the channeled energy and will 
receive a Will save to halve the damage. The DC of this save is equal to 10 + 1/2 the paladin's level + the paladin's Charisma modifier.
Paladin description updated to indicate their caster level is equal to their class level.


Ranger changes:
Ranger description updated to indicate their caster level is equal to their class level.
Ranger gains Intimidate as a class skill
Ranger gains Demoralize Opponent at level 1
Ranger spellcasting now provides more spells per day by level 20 (4 level 1, 4 level 2, 3 level 3, and 3 level 4 spells - an increase of +1 
level 1 and 2 spells as follows: 
1st Level: 0 at 4th, 1 at 5th, 2 at 9th, 3 at 13th, 4 at 17th
2nd Level: 0 at 7th, 1 at 8th, 2 at 12th, 3 at 16th, 4 at 20th
3rd Level: 0 at 10th, 1 at 11th, 2 at 15th, 3 at 19th
4th Level: 0 at 13th, 1 at 14th, 2 at 18th, 3 at 20th


Companion changes:

Silver Fang companion feat renamed to Unstoppable Ferocity and changed to be +1 regen for every 3 HD (maximum +5 regen). 

Druid version renamed to Grim Survival and now provides a +4 Survival bonus.

All animal companions gain bonus feats from the following list in the order listed (one free feat for every 3 HD of the companion). This is due to animal 
companions only being given one feat by OEI and not the one per 3 HD they should have. All companions get the same feats (bear, wolf, etc). Elementals do not receive this bonus.

1. Luck of Heroes (at 3 HD)
2. Dodge (at 6 HD)
3. Weapon Focus (Creature) (at 9 HD)
4. Toughness (at 12 HD)
5. Steadfast Determination (at 15 HD)
6. Blind Fight (at 18 HD)
7. Epic Precision (at 21 HD)
8. Epic Toughness I (at 24 HD)

Monk Update:

Description updated to mention High BAB at levels 21-30
Additional Class Skills: Intimidate
Change bonus epic feats from 24/28 to 23/26/29

Bonus Feat at 1st: Weapon Focus (Unarmed), Weapon Focus (Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 4th: Unarmed Combat Mastery
Bonus Feat at 10th: Weapon Specialization (Unarmed), Weapon Specialization (Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 14th: Greater Weapon Focus (Unarmed), Greater Weapon Focus (Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 18th: Greater Weapon Specialization(Unarmed), Greater Weapon Specialization(Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 22nd: Epic Weapon Focus (Unarmed), Epic Weapon Focus (Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 26th: Epic Weapon Specialization (Unarmed), Epic Weapon Specialization (Quarterstaff)
Bonus Feat at 30th

Wholeness of Body can be used 1 time for every 3 monks levels. Wholeness of Body now provides 1 point of regen for 3 minutes when used if the character 
only has Monk levels.

New Feat: Lightning Strikes Twice
Prerequisites: Monk 5
You gain an attack bonus with unarmed and quarterstaff attacks, starting at +1. This bonus improves by +1 for every 5 additional monk levels (to a 
maximum of +4 at 20th level). You also deal an additional 2 points of lightning damage on your unarmed or quarterstaff attacks. This bonus is 
valid when Unarmed Combat Mastery is valid. If you take levels in any class except monk you will only gain the lightning damage bonus.

New Feat: Fist of the Heavens
Your favor with the Gods has gifted you with the ability to wreathe your fists or quarterstaff with sacred flames.
Prerequisites: Ki strike (Adamantine), Intuitive Attack
Benefit: You add your Wisdom modifier as divine damage to your unarmed and quarterstaff attacks (total bonus may not exceed 1/2 your Monk level or +6, 
whichever is lower). This bonus caps at +2 if you multiclass. Unarmed Combat Mastery now deals divine damage.

New Feat: Epic Diamond Soul
Prerequisites: Diamond Soul, Heroic Ki
Benefit: A monk gains spell resistance equal to his current monk level + 14 as long as he does not have levels in any other class.

New Feat: Heroic Ki
Your skill at mixing the arcane arts with martial skill are such that you inspire others with your heroics.
Prerequisites: Monk 5
Benefit: You gain the benefits of the Heroism spell at all times. These benefits improve to those of Greater Heroism once you obtain 11 levels in 
Monk. This bonus will not stack with the Heroism or Greater Heroism spells. This feat has no effect if you take any non-Monk levels.

Reserve Feat Changes
Reserve feats no long damage allies.
Winter's Blast now deals d6 per level.
Umbral Shroud now lasts 1 round plus one additional round for every 2 spell levels (rounded down).
Umbral Shroud now inflicts a 5% miss chance on a failed save.
Sickening Grasp has a penalty equal to half the spell level, rounded down (-2 minimum).
Acidic Splatter, Clap of Thunder, and Invisible Needle now deal (d3+3) per spell level.
Winter's Blast, Storm Bolt, and Fiery Burst no longer have a Reflex save if you have any levels in Mystic Reservist for the purpose of dealing 
damage.
Clap of Thunder now activates with Crumble, Leonal's Roar, and Wounding Whispers.
Winter's Blast now uses a Fortitude save instead of Reflex (and Mystic Reservist removes the save)
New Feat: Reserve Feat Mastery - adds half the spell level to DC, rounded up (maximum +5)
New Feat: Epic Reserve Feat Mastery - adds the spell level to the DC, replaces Reserve Feat Mastery, requires Reserve Feat Mastery
New Feat: Reserve Feat Enhancement - adds secondary effects exactly like the orb spells, requires Reserve Feat Mastery
New Feat: Improved Reserve Feats - bypass resists, requires Reserve Feat Mastery
Hurricane Breath now adds two points from your highest mental ability to the DC roll.
Winter's Blast now activates with Arc of Frost and Call Frost
Fiery Bust now affects a 30' burst area
Winter's Blast now affects a 30' cone area


Skald Updates:

New Feat: Hero's Call
You drive your allies even harder with tales of the greatest heroes in the land.
Prerequisites: Skald 1
Benefit: Your adrenaline boost ability now always provides twice the bonus as though you and your allies were always below 50% health. In addition, 
your allies (but not yourself) gain a +1 bonus to Dodge AC. When you use the Adrenaline Boost ability, you become immune to silence for the duration.

New Feat: Improved Hero's Call
You personalize your encouragement to your allies, driving them on as though they were the great heroes of lore.
Prerequisites: Skald 1, Hero's Call
Benefit: Your adrenaline boost ability now always provides twice the bonus as though you and your allies were always below 50% health. If they 
actually are below 50% health they instead gain three times the bonus. In addition, your allies (but not yourself) gain a +1 bonus to Dodge AC and 
attack bonus.

New Feat: Improved Inspire Heroics
Prerequisites: Skald 5
Benefit: Your Inspire Heroics (Health) ability now provides an additional point of regeneration. Your Inspire Heroics (Aggression) ability now 
provides an additional point of damage. Your Inspire Heroics (Protection) ability now provides an additional point of Dodge AC.

New Feat: Greater Inspire Heroics
Prerequisites: Skald 11, Improved Inspire Heroics
Benefit: Your Inspire Heroics (Show of Arms) ability now provides an additional +2 enhance bonus to Strength and Dexterity. Your Inspire Heroics 
ability now provides +1 to Will saves for every five levels of Skald (maximum +6 at 30th). 

New Feat: Inspire Heroics (Toughness)
Prerequisites: Skald 1
Benefit: Your inspire heroics ability now also provides 1% physical damage immunity for every 2 levels of Skald (maximum +15% to blunt, piercing, and 
slashing at 30th level). When you use the Adrenaline Boost ability, you become immune to being stunned for the duration.

Monk changes and Polymorph

Polymorph effects suffer a scaling penalty that is based on the number of 
monk levels they have (it was originally just going to be the -8AB Sacred 
Fist feat but that wasn't fair to low level characters).

The AB penalty is equal to 2 plus whatever AB they would have gotten from 
the new feats (weapon focus unarmed, greater weapon focus unarmed, epic 
weapon focus unarmed, and unarmed combat mastery) which leads to a net 2 AB 
penalty. This is to make up for the free improvements they get to Wholeness 
of Body.

The damage penalty is equal to whatever damage bonus they would have gotten 
from the new feats (weapon specialization unarmed, greater weapon 
specialization unarmed, epic weapon specialization unarmed, and unarmed 
combat mastery) which negates the 10 points of free damage they would have 
gotten.

So the net result is that they get a small improvement to the healing 
ability of monk at a small cost to AB and NO AB/Dmg benefits from splashing 
monk. In return they still get the Wis to AC, Monk AC, and Flurry affecting 
their forms.

