[quote="Kaedrin"]The alchemist won't have spells (unless things really change) so I'll need to do something custom for them to actually be able to craft potions since potions require spells. While I do that I figured I'd put a custom spin on it to make Alchemists cool.  I figure it's a system the Witch, Witch Hunter, and Alchemist can share.

My early draft of it is to have two feats: Craft Alchemical Potion and Gather Alchemical Herbs.

Gather Alchemical Herbs has a 5 minute cooldown and will gather 1 herb for every 10 levels of craft alchemy skill you have (including your modifiers, and a 7/10 will be rounded up). Each herb is randomly selected from eight colors (red, blue, green, yellow, orange, purple, white, and black). 

Craft Alchemical Potion will consume 1-4 herbs and will generate a potion or elixer based on a recipe. There will be a 10% chance for critical success, multipled by (1 + (Alchemist Level / 100)) for a 13% maximum chance. There will also be a 10% chance for a critical failure (reduced by Alchemist Level/10) for a 7% minimum chance. 

A critical success will randomly have one of the following benefits: craft two potions, empower one of the effects to be slightly stronger, or provide an additional effect.  A critical failure will randomly have one of the following side effects: one of the effects will be slightly weaker, the potion will have an additional penalty such as an attribute debuff, or a slight chance for a total failure.

I need to gather together a list of "spells" that the potions should replicate or brainstorm for ideas for new ones (think Witcher potions).

I could easily see adding additional recipes to craft poison ammo, explosive elemental ammo, and possibly new alchemical devices such as oil arrows that will explosively ignite if followed up with a fire arrow.

I don't have any plans to add Craft Wand support though I may revisit that.  

I had thought about adding a new feat called Craft Alchemical Bandolier that creates a single belt item that you can keep adding 1/day abilities to (potions, cures, etc). That way you might end up with a belt that has six different spells you could use each day (and possibly even allowing for more than 1 use per day to be added) that would cost you gold each time you rest for any potions you did use (less than a brew potion cost but not zero).

I pretty much except the Alchemist to be my crowning achievement for NWN2 and intend to make it so. ;)[/quote]