[spoiler="1.45 content"]KaedrinUpdate on hold pending discussion and review.

This thread tracks the status of the items in 1.45. Since development has been over such a long time I'll be verifying a lot of what I know I already did just to be sure nothing is missed. As they are verified they will be deleted from this post.

Items under review:


Hexblade changes - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27327-class-focus-hexblade
Breach changes - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27483-breach-spell-list
FoM changes - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27698-bigby-s-grasping
Bigby's issue - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t26322-forceful-hand-still-vanilla
Barbarian PrC - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27655-barbarian-prestige-class
Paladin PrC - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27656-paladin-prestige-class
Rogue HiPS at 10, not 13
Deep slumber changes - http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t27113-any-way-of-fixing-deep-slumber
Arcane Servant
http://dalelandsbeyond.forumotion.com/t21505-couple-hexblade-bugs
Stage II ranger changes
New Skald feats due to invalid stacking assumptions
Barb rage changeSpoiler: 
Roll With It I-6 added (new feats)
Epic Damage Reduction IV added (requires 22 Con)
Epic Damage Reduction V added (requires 23 Con)
Epic Damage Reduction VI added (requires 24 Con)
Evaluate Single target version of Healing Blast
Evaluate Healing Blast for non-allied healing (hard cap on the count)
Swift Ambusher, Swift Hunter, Daring Outlaw changes
Skald Aura size
Reserve feat review
Master of Radiance issues
Frightful Attack issue
Rune persistence issue?






General 1.45 changes:

Hawkeye is correctly set to be a level 1 spell.
Doomguide description mentions it gets exotic weapon proficiency
Missing RP text for Bloodline Exemplar, Knight of the Wild, Force Mage, and Mystic Reservist.
Thunder Clap now activates with Crumble, Leonal's Roar, and Wounding Whispers.
Mystic Reservist requirement changed from level 3 spells to level 3 caster.
Neverwinter Nine's Protective Aura range doubled.
Neverwinter Nine's Protective Aura affected area is now 20' and improves to 30' at 4th level.
Neverwinter Nine renamed to Protector
Unarmed Combat Mastery now applies a -8 AB penalty while polymorphed.
Check widen aura of despair
Check Hexblade spellbook issue/curse of lethargy issue
Update animal comp description with elemental progression and new changes



Swift Hunter, Swift Ambusher, Daring Outlaw: 


Paladin changes:
Paladin changes are still being discussed

Paladin gains Spellcraft as a class skill
Will is now a High save
Lay on Hands gains one use per 3 Paladin levels.
Lay on Hands has a new effect: With one use of this ability, a paladin can heal 1d6 hit points of damage for every two paladin levels she possesses. Alternatively, a paladin can use this healing power to deal damage to undead creatures, dealing 1d6 points of damage for every two levels the paladin possesses.
New Ability: Channel Positive Energy (Su): When a paladin reaches 4th level, she gains the supernatural ability to channel positive energy. Using this ability consumes two uses of her turn undead ability. Channeling energy causes a burst that affects all creatures of one type (either undead or living) in a 30-foot radius centered on the cleric. The amount of damage dealt or healed is equal to 1d6 points of damage plus 1d6 points of damage for every two cleric levels beyond 1st (2d6 at 3rd, 3d6 at 5th, and so on). Creatures that take damage from channeled energy receive a Will save to halve the damage. The DC of this save is equal to 10 + 1/2 the cleric's level + the cleric's Charisma modifier.
Aura of Resolve (Su): At 8th level, a paladin is immune to charm spells and spell-like abilities. Each ally within 10 feet of her gains a +4 morale bonus on saving throws against charm effects.
Aura of Righteousness (Su): At 17th level, a paladin gains DR 5/Adamantine
Holy Champion (Su): At 20th level, a paladin becomes a conduit for the power of her god. Her DR increases to 10/Adamantine. In addition, whenever she channels positive energy or uses lay on hands to heal a creature, she heals the maximum possible amount.
Mercy: At 3rd level, and every three levels thereafter, a paladin gains a mercy. Each mercy adds an effect to the paladin's lay on hands ability. Whenever the paladin uses lay on hands to heal damage to one target, the target also receives the additional effects from all of the mercies possessed by the paladin.

At 3rd level, the paladin gains Shaken (the target is no longer shaken).
At 6th level, the paladin gains Diseased (the target is no longer diseased).
At 9th level, the paladin gains Poisoned (the target is no longer poisoned).
At 12th level, the paladin gains Cursed (the target is no longer cursed).
At 15th level, the paladin gains Fatigued (the target is no longer fatigued).
At 18th level, the paladin gains Sickened (the target is no longer sickened).

These abilities are cumulative. For example, a 12th-level paladin's lay on hands ability heals 6d6 points of damage and also removes diseases, curses, the shaken effect and neutralizes poisons.



Ranger changes (Stage II):
Hit Dice upgraded to d10
Bonus Feat gained at level 14
Improved Evasion gained at level 16 - Improved Evasion may be cut. Final decision pending.
Bonus Feat gained at level 18


Force Mage changes:

Reduce the entrance requirements to level 3 arcane caster.
Auto-maximize force missiles and magic missiles at level 5.
Removed the ASF penalty.
Provides Empower Spell as a bonus feat at level 4.
Orb of Force spells are auto-empowered at level 5.
Tweaked the time of flight and casting time.
Update class text with what it ignores as well as what it does do.

Monk Update:

The Versatile Unarmed Strike feat listed below is melted and made a part of the Unarmed Combat Mastery feat.

Unarmed Combat Mastery now provides a -8 AB penalty when using polymorph effects.

Tiger Combat Style
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Improved Unarmed Strike, Intimidate 3
Benefit: You inflict the wounding property (DC 10 + 1/2 your class level + your Wis modifier) on your foes with your unarmed strikes. Further, you gain your Wisdom modifier on Demoralize Opponent checks as well as gain the feat itself if you do not already have it. The DC suffers a -8 penalty if you multiclass.

New Feat: Lightning Strikes Twice
Prerequisites: Monk 5
You gain an attack bonus with unarmed and quarterstaff attacks, starting at +1. This bonus improves by +1 for every 5 additional monk levels (to a maximum of +4 at 20th level). You also deal an additional 2 points of lightning damage on your unarmed or quarterstaff attacks. This is an activated ability with a 24 hour duration.

New Feat: Sweeping Kicks
Your masterful legwork while fighting allows you to make a sweeping set of strikes to attempt to knockdown all foes within 10' of you.
Prerequisites: Knockdown, Improved Knockdown, Monk 5
Benefit: While unarmed or using a quarterstaff, you make make a special Knockdown attempt as a full round action against every foe within 10' of you. This ability has a 30s cooldown. If you only have monk levels, you use your Wisdom modifier if it is higher than your Strength modifier for the knockdown attempt and the knockdown lasts for two rounds instead of one.

New Feat: Fist of the Heavens
Your favor with the Gods has gifted you with the ability to wreathe your fists or quarterstaff with sacred flames.
Prerequisites: Ki strike (Adamantine), Intuitive Attack
Benefit: You add your Wisdom modifier as damage (half divine, half blunt) to your unarmed and quarterstaff attacks (bonus may not exceed 1/2 your Monk level). This bonus caps at +1 of each damage type if you multiclass.

New Feat: Versatile Unarmed Strike (Merged into Unarmed Combat Mastery)
Type: General
Prerequisite: Improved Unarmed Strike
Text: You employ a variety of unarmed fighting styles, allowing you to alter the type of damage your attacks deal.
Benefit: You buff your gloves or gauntlets to deal slashing and piercing damage as well as blunt. This bonus lasts 24 hours and can be used at will.

New Feat: Epic Diamond Soul
Prerequisites: Diamond Soul
Benefit: A monk gains spell resistance equal to his current monk level + 14.

New Feat: Epic Perfect Self
Prerequisites: Perfect Self
Benefit: A monk gains DR 10/Adamantine instead of DR 10/Magic as well as 1 point of regen.

New Feat: Heroic Ki
You follow a path of enlightenment that lauds heroism and martial prowess.
Prerequisites: Monk 5
Benefit: You gain the benefits of the Heroism spell at all times. Note: This feat has no effect if you take any non-Monk levels. This improves to Greater Heroism at 11th level. This feat has no effect if you take any non-Monk levels.

Skald Update:

Tweak #3 - The class will get a small text section indicating what to do to fix your character if your timer for Adrenaline Boost bugs out. Right click your character and use your ability from that GUI. This is a change I'd like to slowly roll out to any class/feat that has a timer. Common knowledge is apparently not as common as I thought for folks knowing how to fix it.

New Feat: Hero's Call
You drive your allies even harder with tales of the greatest heroes in the land.
Prerequisites: Skald 1
Benefit: Your adrenaline boost ability now always provides twice the bonus as though you and your allies were always below 50% health. In addition, your allies (but not yourself) gain a +1 bonus to Dodge AC. You become immune to silence.

New Feat: Improved Hero's Call
You personalize your encouragement to your allies, driving them on as though they were the great heroes of lore.
Prerequisites: Skald 1, Hero's Call
Benefit: Your adrenaline boost ability now always provides twice the bonus as though you and your allies were always below 50% health. If they actually are below 50% health they instead gain three times the bonus. In addition, your allies (but not yourself) gain a +1 bonus to Dodge AC and attack bonus.

New Feat: Inspire Heroics (Aggression)
Prerequisites: Skald 1
Benefit: Your inspire heroics ability now also provides 2 point of bonus magic damage on attacks. This improves to 3 points at 11th and 4 points at 21st level. 

This ability is under review and may not be part of the update.

New Feat: Improved Inspire Heroics
Prerequisites: Skald 5
Benefit: Your Inspire Heroics (Health) ability now provides an additional point of regeneration. Your Inspire Heroics (Aggression) ability now provides an additional point of damage. Your Inspire Heroics (Protection) ability now provides an additional point of Dodge AC.

New Feat: Greater Inspire Heroics
Prerequisites: Skald 11, Improved Inspire Heroics
Benefit: Your Inspire Heroics (Show of Arms) ability now provides an additional +2 enhance bonus to Strength and Dexterity. Your Inspire Heroics ability now provides +1 to Will saves for every five levels of Skald (maximum +6 at 30th). 

New Feat: Inspire Heroics (Toughness)
Prerequisites: Skald 1
Benefit: Your inspire heroics ability now also provides 1% physical damage immunity for every 2 levels of Skald (maximum +15% to blunt, piercing, and slashing at 30th level). You become immune to being stunned.


Gray Guard

Spoiler: 



Soldier of Light

Spoiler: 


[/spoiler]