Arcane Duelist

This description is a work in progress and is not yet complete.
This PrC is ONLY available for Duskblades, Hexblades, and Dread Necromancers
x

Requirements

Base Attack Bonus: +6
Class: Duskblade 8, Hexblade 8, or Dread Necromancer 8
Feats: Dodge, Mobility, Weapon Proficiency (Martial, Bard, Rogue, or Wizard)
Skills: Perform 5, Tumble 5.

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: High
High Saves: Ref, Will
Weapon and Armor proficiency: None

Class Skills: Bluff, Craft Armor, Craft Weapon, Intimidate, Lore, Perform, Spellcraft, Spot, and Tumble.
Skill points: 4 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1:
Level 2: Apparent Defense
Level 3: Dexterous Attack
Level 4:
Level 5: Blur
Level 6:
Level 7: Greater Dexterous Attack
Level 8:
Level 9: Mirror Image
Level 10: Flurry of Swords

Apparent Defense: Due to trickery and force of personality, the arcane duelist adds her Charisma bonus to her Armor Class as Dodge AC. This bonus is capped at her Arcane Duelist level.

Dexterous Attack: Because the arcane duelist values successful hits over actual damage dealt, she can subtract 3 points of damage from every hit and adds the same amount to her attack bonus. This is an activated mode.

Greater Dexterous Attack: This is an improved version of Dexterous Attack that subtracts 5 points of damage from every hit and grants a +5 attack bonus. This is an activated mode and will not stack with Dexterous Attack.

Blur: The arcane duelist can activate a blur effect, as the spell cast by a caster of her arcane duelist level. She can use this power at will.

Mirror Image: The arcane duelist can activate a mirror image effect as the spell cast by a caster of her arcane duelist level at will.

Flurry of Swords: The pinnacle of the arcane duelist's power is to create a flurry of sword attacks against a single target. When this power is activated, the arcane duelist gains two bonus attacks for one round (this is an instantly activated feat with a bonus that lasts 6 seconds). This power is usable once per day per arcane duelist level. It does not stack with haste effects.