Dread Fang

Dread Fang

The dread fangs of Lolth are elite soldiers who fight for the drow matriarchs. They are a visible manifestation of the theocraftic power that governs the dark elves, and their appearance elicits fear in almost all who behold them.

Requirements

Alignment: Any evil.
Race: Drow, Half-Drow.
BAB: +5
Skills: Hide 4, Listen 2, Move Silently 4, Spot 2
Special: Evasion
Sneak Attack: +2d6

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: High
High Saves: Fort
Armor and Weapon proficiency: None

Class Skills: Craft Armor, Craft Weapon, Hide, Intimidate, Listen, Lore, Move Silently, Spot, Tumble.
Skill points: 4 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Lolth's Will, Lolth's Whispers, +1d6 Sneak Attack
Level 2: Use Poison, Team Maneuverability
Level 3: +2d6 Sneak Attack, Uncanny Dodge
Level 4: Improved Evasion, Lolth's Defense +1
Level 5: +3d6 Sneak Attack
Level 6: Spider Bite
Level 7: Opportunist, +4d6 Sneak Attack
Level 8: Lolth's Defense +2
Level 9: Improved Uncanny Dodge, +5d6 Sneak Attack
Level 10: Hide in Plain Sight

Lolth's Will: Your racial bonus on Will saves against spells and spell-like abilities increases to +4.

Lolth's Whispers: The dread voice of the Spider Queen fills your thoughts. You gain a +2 insight on damage rolls.

Sneak Attack: At 1st level and again at each odd-numbered level beyond 1st you gain an additional die of sneak attack damage.

Poison Use: Starting at 2nd level, you never risk accidentally poisoning yourself when applying poison to a weapon.

Team Maneuverability: At 2nd level, you add one-half your class level as an insight bonus for the Tumble skill. All allies within 30 feet gain a +2 competence bonus for their Tumble skill.

Uncanny Dodge: At 3rd level, you gain the Uncanny Dodge feat.

Improved Evasion: At 4th level, you gain the Improved Evasion feat.

Lolth's Defense: At 4th level, you gain a +1 dodge bonus to Armor Class. The dodge bonus increases to +2 at 8th level.

Spider Bite: You have learned to apply a special poison to your weapons. xxx effect of the poison. (+2 DC to existing poisons if doable, this new poison if not)

Opportunist: At 7th level, you gain the Opportunist ability as though you were a rogue.

Improved Uncanny Dodge: At 9th level, you gain the Improved Uncanny Dodge feat.

At 10th level you gain the Hide in Plain Sight ability.