Knight Of The Cage

A rare few Martyrs have been appointed "Knights of the Cage". This is
not intended to imply they are somehow beholden to Sigil - far from it.
They have been appointed to defend good everywhere in the multiverse
individually, crossing back and forth through the City of Doors as they
do. Those that serve as members of this elite order are most often seen
in Sigil, but can be found from the elemental planes to the lower
gate-burgs, doing whatever they can do to stem the tide of darkness.

Requirements

Faction: Mercykillers
BAB: +7
Skills: Diplomacy 5, Survival 2
Feats: Expertise, Disarm, Turn Undead

Class Features

HD: d10
BAB: High
High Saves: Fort, Will
Weapon and Armor proficiency: All armor, shields (except Tower), simple
weapons, and martial weapons.

Class Skills: Concentration, Craft Armor, Craft Weapon, Hide,
Intimidate, Lore, Move Silently, Perform, and Tumble.
Skill points: 2 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Turn Undead
Level 2: Smite Evil, +1 divine spellcasting progression
Level 3: Bonus Feat
Level 4: +1 divine spellcasting progression
Level 5: Turn Fiends
Level 6: Bonus Feat, +1 divine spellcasting progression
Level 7: Mien of Goodness
Level 8: +1 divine spellcasting progression
Level 9: Bonus Feat
Level 10: Heaven's Gate, +1 divine spellcasting progression

Spellcasting progression: At every even level the Knight of the Cage
gains a level of progression in a divine spellcasting class they had
before entering the class. If they had more than one, they have to
choose at first level which to advance in.

Turn Undead: The character may add his Knight of the Cage class levels
to the effective cleric level for turning undead.

Smite Evil: Once per day at 2nd level, a Knight of the Cage may attempt
to smite evil with one normal melee attack. He adds his Charisma bonus
(if any) to his attack roll and deals 1 extra point of damage per level.
If the Knight accidentally smites a creature that is not evil, the smite
has no effect but is used up for the day. If the character already has
the smite evil class feature, such as from the Paladin class, add the
Knight of the Cage class level minus one to that class when determining
extra damage.

Bonus Feats: The Knight of the Cage gains a bonus feat at 3rd, 6th, and
9th level. This may be chosen from any faction or divine feat he meets
the requirements of.

Turn Fiend: At 5th level, the Knight's ability to turn undead can now
affect evil outsiders in addition to undead, but they add their SR
halved to their HD as turn resistance when doing so. All other aspects
of turning remain unchanged.

Mien of Goodness: At 7th level, the Knight's good alignment suffuses his
being sufficiently that the character gains a +2 enhance bonus to his
Charisma.

Heaven's Gate: At 10th level, the Knight can use <i>Gate</i> as a
spell-like ability once per day.