Winterhaunt

Winterhaunt

This description is a work in progress and is not yet complete.

x

Requirements

Alignment: Chaotic neutral, chaotic evil, or neutral evil.
Feat: Craft Magic Items, Spell Penetration
Skills: Concentration 8, Lore 8.
Spellcasting: 1st level Divine

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: Low
High Saves: Fort, Will
Weapon proficiency: All simple and martial weapons.
Armor proficiency: Light armor.

Class Skills: Concentration, Craft Armor, Craft Weapon, Diplomacy, Lore, Spellcraft, and Survival.
Skill points: 2 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Cloak of Winter's Chill, Spellcasting Progression
Level 2: Resistance to Cold 5
Level 3: Frozen Skin
Level 4: Coldstrike +1d6
Level 5: Resistance to Cold 10
Level 6: Piercing Cold
Level 7: Cold subtype
Level 8: Coldstrike +2d6
Level 9: Summon the entombed
Level 10: Wintry Apotheosis

Spellcasting: At every level, you gain new spells per day and an increase in caster level (and spells known, if applicable) as if you had also gained a level in an arcane or divine spellcasting class to which you belonged before adding the prestige class level. You do not, however, gain any other benefit a character of that class would have gained. If you had more than one arcane spellcasting class before becoming a winterhaunt, you must decide which class to progress in.

Cloak of Winter's Chill: A winterhaunt can shroud himself in a sphere of cold a number of times per day equal to 3 + his Cha modifier. This cloak of winter's chill lasts for a number of rounds equal to the winterhaunt's class level + Cha modifier. While cloaked, the winterhaunt gleams with a frosty radiance that is both alluring and terrifying. He gains a +2 profane bonus on Will saving throws and all Charisma-based skills.

Frozen Skin: At 3rd level, the winterhaunt's skin becomes as hard (and cold) as frozen flesh, while retaining its flexibility. His skin appears to be coated with a fine layer of frost, and flecks of snow seem to float from his flesh at all times. He gains a +2 natural armor bonus which increases to +4 while cloaked in his winter's chill ability.

Coldstrike: Starting at 4th, every time a winterhaunt deals cold damage with a spell or spell-like ability (such as breath weapon). The winterhaunt's coldstrike damage increases to +2d6 points of cold damage at 8th level. When his cloak of winter's chill is active, he adds an additional 1d6 points of damage with his coldstrike ability (to a total of +2d6 at 4th and +3d6 at 8th).

Piercing Cold - At 6th level, the winterhaunt gains the Piercing Cold ability. This allows a winterhaunt to ignore any cold resistance or immunity with his cold spells. Affected Spells: Burst of Glacial Wrath, Cone of Cold, Creeping Cold, Greater Creeping Cold, Hypothermia, Ice Storm, Lesser Orb of Cold, Orb of Cold, Polar Ray, Ray of Frost

Cold subtype: At 7th level, the winterhaunt gains immunity to cold but also has a vulnerability to fire.

Summon the entombed: At 9th level, a winterhaunt gains the spell-like ability to summon one of the entombed to do his bidding. This is treated as a summon creature IX spell. The caster level of this ability is equal to the winterhaunt's class level plus his Charisma modifier. This ability can be used once per day.

Wintry Apotheosis: At 10th level, the winterhaunt undergoes a powerful and unholy transformation as his flesh adn bones become consumed by the frozen wrath of winter, only to be replaced by snowy flesh and icy bones.

As a being composed of living, profane ice and snow, he is immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, stunning, critical hits, and sneak attack. The winterhaunt also gains darkvision.