(Singing Healer)

x 

This class has Constitution as it's primary attribute.

You may not take any other classes as an X (no multiclassing)

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: Medium
High Saves: Ref, Will
Weapon proficiency: Simple and Bard.
Armor proficiency: Light Armor, Medium Armor, and Shields (except Tower).

Class Skills: Appraise, Craft Alchemy, Heal, Intimidate, Listen, Lore, Parry, Survival, Spot, Taunt, and Tumble.

Skill Points: 4 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Aria of Life (Regen), Dash
Level 2: Weakening Chord (Str Debuff)
Level 3: Insightful Strike
Level 4: Aria of Defense (Dodge AC)
Level 5: Combat Insight
Level 6: Bonus Feat
Level 7: Aria of Vigor (Temporary HP) 
Level 8: Evasion
Level 9: Fast Movement
Level 10: Aria of Health (Bonus HP)
Level 11: Maladroit Chord (Dex Debuff)
Level 12: Bonus Feat
Level 13: Aria of Energy Protection (Energy Immunity)
Level 14: Deflect Arrows
Level 15: 
Level 16: Aria of Physical Protection (Physical Immunity)
Level 17: 
Level 18: Bonus Feat
Level 19: Aria of Speed (Haste)
Level 20: Dispiriting Chord (Int and Wis Debuff)
Level 21: Epic Precision
Level 22: 
Level 23: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 24: Bonus Feat
Level 25:
Level 26: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 27:
Level 28: 
Level 29: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 30: Bonus Feat

Arias: All arias have a 1 minute duration (plus your Constitution modifier), a 4 minute cooldown, and will affect all allies (including yourself) within 80 feet. Only one aria can be active at a time and a newly activated aria cancels any previously running aria.

Aria of Life (Regen) - Regen equal to half your Constitution modifier every 6s.
Aria of Defense (Dodge AC) - Dodge AC bonus equal to your Constitution modifier
Aria of Vigor (Temporary HP) - Temporary HP bonus equal to the target's Constitution modifier times their Hit Dice.
Aria of Health (Bonus HP) - Bonus HP (and a minor heal to restore the targets to the new level) equal to half the targets Constitution modifier times their Hit Dice.
Aria of Energy Protection (Energy Immunity) - Percent immunity to the elements (Fire, Acid, Electricity, Cold) equal to your class level plus your Constitution modifier. 
Aria of Physical Protection (Physical Immunity) - Percent immunity to physical damage (Slashing, Blunt, Piercing) equal to your class level plus your Constitution modifier.
Aria of Speed (Haste): As the Haste spell with a duration in rounds equal to your class level plus your Constitution modifier.

Chords: These debuffs have a DC of 10 + 1/2 your class level + your Constitution modifier. They debuff the indicated attribute by 2 plus half your Constitution modifier for a number of rounds equal to your Constitution modifier.