1.43 Final Update Notes



    New Base Classes
    New Base Class: Skald
    New Base Class: Factotum

    New PrC Class
    New PrC: Bloodline Exemplar
    New PrC: Force Mage
    New PrC: Mystic Reservist
    New PrC: Templar
    New PrC: Knight of the Wild - http://nwn2customcontent.wikidot.com/knight-of-the-wild
    New PrC: Stalker of the Depths - http://nwn2customcontent.wikidot.com/stalker-of-the-depths
    New PrC: Beast Heart Adept

    Hexblade Changes
    Hexblade - New Feat: Arcane Heroism
    Hexblade - New Feat: Siphon the Weave
    Hexblade - New Feat: Arcane Mastery
    Hexblade - Replace Slow with Spiderskin (no VFX)
    Hexblade - Replace Identify with Shield
    Hexblade - Replace Hound of Doom with Haste
    Hexblade - Replace Augment Familiar with Ghostly Visage
    Hexblade Minor Shapeshift now provides a +1 DC with curses
    Hexblade Minor Shapeshift now lasts 1 round per caster level
    Lingering Aura replaced with Arcane Mastery
    Lingering Curse is going to provide a +1 DC with curses
    Arcane Strikes will provide a +1
    Boon of the Unlucky will provide a +1 DC with curses
    Hexblade bonus feats at 5,10,15,20,25,30
    Aura of Unluck is now instant
    Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence updated with a targeting UI
    Dark Companion spell name corrected (no longer Dreadful Wrath)
    Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence can no longer affect the original target twice
    Curse of Lethargy and Curse of Silence now get the location of the target to cycle spells instead of using the GetSpellTargetLocation call.


    Class Skills
    Wilderness Stalker now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Whirling Dervish now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Warrior of Darkness now has Taunt as a class skill
    Scout now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Ranger now has Taunt as a class skill
    Paladin now has Taunt as a class skill
    NWN9 now has Taunt as a class skill
    Nightsong Enforcer now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Ninja now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Dwarven Defender now has Lore and Taunt as class skills
    Dread Pirate now has Taunt and Parry as class skills
    Dragon Warrior now has Taunt as a class skill
    Champion of the Wild now has Taunt as a class skill
    Blackguard now has Taunt as a class skill
    Anointed Knight now has Taunt as a class skill
    Shadow Daze can now be used three times per day

    Warlock Changes
    Warlock's Caster's Lament removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Devour Magic removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Curse of Despair removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Invisibility Purge removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Voracious Dispel removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Charm removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Warlock's Dead Walk removes Ret Invis and Walk Unseen
    Word of Changing now gains the 28 SR the form has
    Devour Magic now has a caster level cap of 25, up from 20

    Fighter Changes
    Armor Training: Starting at 3rd level, a fighter learns to be more maneuverable while wearing armor. Whenever he is wearing armor, he reduces the armor check penalty by 1 (to a minimum of 0) and increases the maximum Dexterity bonus allowed by his armor by 1. Every four levels thereafter (7th, 11th, and 15th), these bonuses increase by +1 each time, to a maximum –4 reduction of the armor check penalty and a +4 increase of the maximum Dexterity bonus allowed. This bonus is lost if the character has levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.
    Armor Mastery: At 19th level, a fighter gains DR 5/— whenever he is wearing armor or using a shield. This bonus is lost if the character has levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.
    Weapon Training: Starting at 5th level, a fighter gains a +1 bonus on attack and damage rolls. Every four levels thereafter (9th, 13th, 17th, and 20th), the bonuses increase by +1. This bonus is lost if the character has levels in any class other than Fighter, Divine Champion, or Weapon Master.


    General Changes
    Oversized two-weapon fighting fixed for small races (courtesy of the PW Ashaba)
    Utterdark blast no longer mentions healing undead.
    CICraftCraftWand function in x2_inc_craft fixed so that FS/SS are added to the divine use limitation set
    Ember Guard is no longer a specific form. It is now a bonus when using the Earth Elemental Shape. It provides a +2 AB bonus, +1d6 Fire Shield, and +1d6 Fire damage to melee. All previous cmi_options for Ember Guard are removed.
    Web spell no longer mentions a spell resistance check
    Rage duration on NPCs 10x
    Whirling Dervish levels now correctly stack for sneak attack
    Protective Ward feat - it treats Paladin and Knight of the Wild levels as Ranger levels at level 2 Knight of the Wild
    cmi_s2_fervor needs to cap at 10 Templar levels, not 24 (+5 vs +12)
    Sacred Purification now has a 12s cooldown.
    Sacred Purification now heals/harms for 1d8 for every 2 points of Charisma modifier plus your Charisma modifier. A 22 Charisma (+6) now heals for 3d8 + 6.
    Tortoise Skin no longer has a VFX (replaced with Premonition)
    Wildfire blades allows IB levels to count as Ranger for Protective Ward.
    Frenzy no longer damages npcs
    Frenzy lasts 10x at long for NPCs
    Genasi no longer have +1 ECL, no longer gain free martial weapon proficiency
    Clone spells may no longer be cast while possessing a familiar.
    Blind-Fighting now provides immunity to blindness (except for the Yuan-ti)
    Improved Aura of Despair requirements changed from 25 Cha to 21 Cha/Blackguard 8
    Half-elves gain a +2 Con bonus
    Devoted Tracker now only requires a single level of Paladin instead of 5.
    Child of Night no longer shows Listen as a class skill
    Blade of Shadows prereqs changed to include normal 2d6 sneak attack, no longer account for NWN9's frantic reactions.
    Arcane Archer description no longer indicates Tumble is a class skill
    Rangers with the power attack line in armor heavier than light suffer a -4 AB penalty
    Paladin and Ranger caster level options gains a new option for CL - 3 (matching Pathfinder)
    Ranger Full Caster level option now accounts for Marksman
    Elemental Warrior gains 20 to their energy resist at level 5.
    Bonus HP fix from RoT
    IsLightArmorValid split into IsNoArmorValid and IsLightArmorValid so light armor works correctly (Dervish armor issue)
    Improved Aura of Despair no longer requires Cha 25, now requires Cha 21 and Blackguard 8






1.43.1 changelog:
Templar is turned on
Skald's Inspire Heroism correctly works
Skald's Adrenaline Rush is no longer Frost Fireball Wink

1.43.2 changelog:
Factotum's Opportunistic Piety correctly uses Turn Undead as a dependent feat (heal and harm variant)
Factotum gains Combat Insight instead of Insightful Strike, level 22 feat changed to Bonus Epic.
Factotum's text updated

1.43.3 changelog:


    Resting will add the passive feats for Fighters if they do not have it yet
    Resting will add Combat Insight to Factotums that qualify if they do not have it yet
    Swiftblade description updated with correct server implementation, not my original description.
    Adrenaline Boost now provides 5 additional points of temporary health.
    Templar now mentions it gets exotic weapon proficiency at level 1
    Factotum True Seeing renamed Greater See Invisibility
    Force Mage, Mystic Reservist, and Beast Heart Adept get the missing 2da file needed to provide spellcasting progression.
    Adrenaline Boost now autotargets the caster.
    Half-Drow gain +2 Con
    Inspire Heroics no longer breaks on area transitions
    Inspire Heroics now correctly allows regeneration