
My suggestion would be to use the Pathfinder (which is nearly identical to standard 3.5) rules for handling magic items which I have cleaned up and detailed below. Specifics can always be found here: http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/prd/magicItems.html The body slots have been laid out to prevent the stacking of skills and saves (a different discussion to be sure). The attribute enhance bonus is still +6 because I suggest the server keep a hard 20 cap on levels for balance but thats a different topic.

Magic Item Types
The following types of magic items exist and will eventually include the specific lists.

    Misc (belts, cloaks, rings, etc)
    Potions (capped at level 3 spells)
    Scrolls
    Staves (specific sets of spells per pnp)
    Wands (capped at level 4 spells)


Enchantments
Up to three enchantments can be placed on any given body location. The cost of the first enchantment is normal, the cost of the second and third enchantment are 50% more expensive than normal. For example, a +2 Dex enchantment on a belt would cost 4000 gold. Adding +2 Strength to the belt would cost 6000 gold. Adding +2 Con to the belt (for a maximum of 3 enchantments) would cost another 6000 gold. Costs are currently found: http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/prd/magicItems/magicItemCreation.html

Enchantment Slots

    Helmet - Deflection AC, Appraise, Bluff, Craft, Diplomacy, Heal, Intimidate, Spot, Listen, Lore, Perform, Spellcraft, Survival, UMD, Attributes
    Chest - Armor AC, Resistance, Attributes, Spell Slots, Spell Resistance, Bonus Hit Points
    Gloves - Deflection AC, Disable Device, Sleight of Hand, Attributes
    Gauntlets - Deflection AC, Disable Device, Sleight of Hand, Attributes
    Bracers - Armor AC, Resistance, Attributes, Bonus Damage, Attack Bonus, Enhance
    Boots - Dodge AC, Hide, Move Silently, Tumble, Attributes
    Cloak - Deflection AC, Resistance, Attributes, Saving Throws
    Ring (x2) - Deflection AC, Resistance, Attributes, Spell Slots, Regeneration, Spell Storing, Evasion, Light
    Amulet - Natural AC, Resistance, Attributes
    Belt - Deflection AC, Resistance, Attributes
    Left Hand - Enhance, Attack Bonus, Keen, Attributes, Bonus Damage, Deflection AC, Vampiric
    Right Hand - Enhance, Attack Bonus, Keen, Attributes, Bonus Damage, Deflection AC, Vampiric
    Shield - Shield AC, Resistance, Attributes, Spell Resistance
    Ammo - Enhance, Attack Bonus, Bonus Damage


Enchantment Maximums

    Attribute Enhance bonuses have a maximum of +6
    Saving Throw bonuses (Universal) have a maximum of +5
    Skill bonuses have a maximum of +5 (Hide/Move Silently have a maximum of +15)
    Energy Resistances have a maximum of 30
    Enhance bonuses for Deflection AC, Natural AC, Armor AC, and Shield AC have a maximum of +5
    Dodge AC bonus on boots is capped at +1
    Spell Resistance has a maximum value of 19
    Damage Bonus has a maximum of 1d6 and only one element can be added to a specific weapon.
    Regeneration has a maximum value of 1 (need to test 2 rings stacking, maybe move slot to cloak)
    Spell Storing has a maximum spell level of 9 (one spell per ring)
    Vampiric has a maximum value of 1 (see notes)
    Bonus Hit Points has a maximum value of 20 (see notes)


Notes

    Evasion should probably be turned off to prevent feature creep
    Spell Storing would be a long term goal
    Speed (aka Haste) should be listed on the Right Hand and Left Hand slot for weapons but I strongly suggest not including that enchantment.
    Vampiric does not exist in Pathfinder or 3.5 but is a nice way to provide melees with a little endurance in combat. Suggest capping it at +1 if it is allowed to stay.
    Bonus Hit Points does not exist in Pathfinder or 3.5 but is a nice way to provide low level characters added life when it's most critical. Suggest capping it at +20 if it is allowed to stay.

Posted Feb 17, 14 · OP
