Ardent Dilettante

The breeze that caresses the face brings with it a cooling balm and
scent traces that trigger memories of old. The flavor of the fruit
plucked form the tree is tart but sweet, and the sticky juice explodes
in the mouth with a texture just as important as taste.

All it takes to become an ardent dilettante is a diversity of interests
and a moderate level of ability in a skill. Bards and rogues are the
most common among the members, but characters of all classes can find
the calling of the ardent dilettante to their liking.

Requirements

Faction: Sensate
Skills: SKILLOR? 8
Arcane Spells: Level 1
Divine Spells: Level 1
Feats: Martial Weapon Proficiency

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: Low
High Saves: Ref
Weapon and Armor proficiency: None

Class Skills: All.
Skill points: 6 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Heightened Senses, Lore, Spellcasting Progression
Level 2: Enthrall
Level 3: Joie de Vivre
Level 4: Bonus Feat
Level 5: Blindfight
Level 6: Seen It Before
Level 7: Bonus Feat
Level 8:
Level 9:
Level 10: Bonus Feat, Death Holds No Mysteries

Spellcasting Progression: Starting at level 2, the ardent dilettante
chooses which spellcasting class (arcane, divine, or warlock) she wishes
to advance in and gains a level of bonus progression at each level of

Starting at level 2 and every level after that, the ardent dilettante
gets spellcasting progression in the class of her choice (arcane,
divine, or warlock).

Heightened Senses: An ardent dilettante gains a competence bonus on
Listen, Search, Diplomacy, and Spot equal to 1 + one-half her class
level.

Lore: An ardent dilettante hears many intriguing rumors and learns odd
facts while travelling. She gains a +1 bonus to Lore for each class
level.

Enthrall: Starting at 2nd level, an ardent dilettante can recount one of
her many adventures or experiences, capturing the attention of an
audience as with an <i>enthrall</i> spell. An ardent dilettante can use
this ability once per day for every two class levels she has. Caster
level equals character level; save DC 12 + Cha modifier.

Joie de Vivre: An ardent dilettante of 3rd level or higher takes such
obvious pleasure in life that she can influence those around her to feel
the same way, as with a <i>good hope</i> spell. An ardent dilettante can
use this ability once per day for every 3 class levels she has. Caster
level equals character level; svae DC 12 + Cha modifier.

Bonus Feat: At 4th, 7th, and 10th level, an ardent dilettante gains a
bonus feat. She must meet the prerequisites for the feat she selects.

Seen It Before: Beginning at 6th level, an ardent dilettante gains a +2
Will save bonus against Illusions.

Death Holds No Mysteries: When a 10th level ardent dilettante is about
to die, they gain a sudden burst of life having already faced death
before. This is an activated ability that can only be triggered once per
day and brings the ardent dilettante back to life with 30 health.