Enforcer Of Law

Enforcers of Law are the ultimate warriors of the Harmonium. They see it
as their duty to scour the planes of chaos wherever they may find it and
bring peace and harmony to the multiverse via force. They rarely spend
time in any one place, and are usually involved in one quest or another.
Enforcers of Law are highly regarded by other members of the Harmonium,
though they rarely rank high within the bureaucracy, instead spending
more time in the field. Lawful Neutral champions are the most common,
though good and evil Enforcers are not entirely unknown.

Requirements

Alignment: Any Lawful.
Faction: Harmonium
BAB: +7
Feats: Hardheaded, Command

Class Features

HD: d10
BAB: High
High Saves: Fort, Will
Weapon and Armor proficiency: All armors, shields, simple weapons, and
martial weapons.

Class Skills: Concentration, Craft Armor, Craft Weapon, Heal,
Intimidate, and Lore.
Skill points: 2 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Smite Chaos
Level 2:
Level 3:
Level 4: Bonus Feat
Level 5:
Level 6:
Level 7: Bonus Feat
Level 8:
Level 9:
Level 10: Shield of Law

Enforcer of Law Spell List
1st Level: Charm Person, Magic Weapon, Protection from Chaos, Summon
Creature I
2nd Level: Bull's Strength, Bear's Endurance, Summon Creature II
3rd Level: Keen Edge, Greater Magic Weapon, Magic Circle against Chaos,
Summon Creature III
4th Level: Dismissal, Lesser Planar Ally, Summon Creature IV
5th Level: Atonement, Dispel Chaos, Charm Monster, Mark of Justice,
Summon Creature V

Spells Per Day (Wisdom based for bonus spells)
1st Level: 0 at 1st, 1 at 2nd, 2 at 4th, 3 at 6th, 4 at 8th, 5 at 10th
2nd Level: 0 at 3rd, 1 at 4th, 2 at 6th, 3 at 8th, 4 at 10th
3rd Level: 0 at 5th, 1 at 6th, 2 at 8th, 3 at 10th
4th Level: 0 at 7th, 1 at 8th, 2 at 10th
5th Level: 0 at 8th, 1 at 9th

Smite Chaos: Once per day, an Enforcer of Law may attempt to smite chaos
with one normal melee attack. He adds his Charisma bonus to his attack
roll and deals 1 extra point of damage per level. If the Enforcer of Law
attempts to smite a creature that is not chaotic, then the smite has no
effect but is still used up for that day.

Bonus Feat: At 4th and 7th level, the Enforcer of Law gains a bonus
feat, which may be used to gain any feat from the Fighter list.

Shield of Law: Upon reaching 10th level, an Enforcer of Law gains Shield
of Law. He is always under the effect of the shield of law spell.