This has been done as a PrC so please read the red text carefully. [color=#ff0000]ANY offensive or debuff spell will fail when cast by a character with Healer levels.[/color]

[spoiler="Healer"]

...

This is a prestige class with 29 levels. [color=red]This prestige class is allowed to bypass any normal rules for minimum levels with regards to cleric or favored soul as long as the rest of the levels are in healer. A 1 cleric/19 healer is perfectly valid on such servers due to the implementation.[/color]

Alignment: Any good.
Required Class: Cleric or Favored Soul.
May not have any levels in Monk, Ninja, or Sacred Fist.

Class Features

HD: d8
BAB: Low
High Saves: Fort, Will
Weapon proficiency: Simple.
Armor proficiency: Light.

Class Skills: Concentration, Craft Alchemy, Diplomacy, Heal, Lore, Parry, Spellcraft, Survival, and Tumble.
Skill points: 4 + Int modifier

Class Abilities

Level 1: Healing Hands, Effortless Healing, Turn Undead, Channel Energy
Level 2: Skill Focus (Heal), Divine Grace, Cleanse
Level 3: Enhanced Cures
Level 4: Mobility
Level 5: Protective Blessing
Level 6: Evasion
Level 7: Healer's Blessing
Level 8: Divine Health
Level 9: Spring Attack
Level 10: Bonus Feat (Improved Empower Spell)
Level 11: 
Level 12: Improved Healer's Blessing
Level 13: Fortunate Fate Ability
Level 14: Improved Evasion
Level 15: Bonus Feat
Level 16: Greater Healer's Blessing, Foresight Ability, Disjunction Ability
Level 17: 
Level 18:
Level 19: 
Level 20: Champion of Life, Bonus Epic Feat
Level 21: 
Level 22: Epic Skill Focus (Heal)
Level 23: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 24: 
Level 25: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 26: Bonus Epic Feat
Level 27: 
Level 28: 
Level 29: Bonus Epic Feat

Healers gain a bonus epic feat at 20th, 23rd, 25th, 26th, and 29th level.

Spells per Day/Spells Known: When a new healer level is gained, the character gains new spells per day (and spells known, if applicable) as though he had gained a level in either cleric or favored soul. If the character has more than one applicable divine spellcasting class, he must pick one to improve at 1st level.

[color=red]Special Spells and Feats: Divine Power only provides a +1 AB bonus when Healer levels are present. The Divine Might and Epic Divine Might feats will fail when used by a Healer. In addition, the following spells will automatically fail when cast by a Healer: xxx[/color]

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Healers are proficient with all simple weapons and with light armor. 

Healing Hands: Whenever a healer casts a healer spell that cures hit point damage, she adds her Charisma modifier to the amount of damage healed. For instance, if a 5th-level healer with an 18 Charisma casts cure light wounds, she cures 1d8+5 points of damage normally, plus an additional 4 points of damage due to her Charisma bonus.

Channel Energy: A healer can release a wave of positive energy by channeling the power of her faith through her holy symbol. Channeling energy causes a burst that affects all creatures in a 30-foot radius centered on the healer. The amount of damage dealt (to undead) or healed is equal to 1d6 points of damage plus 1d6 points of damage for every two healer levels beyond 1st (2d6 at 3rd, 3d6 at 5th, and so on). Creatures that take damage from channeled energy receive a Will save to halve the damage. The DC of this save is equal to 10 + 1/2 the healer's level + the healer's Charisma modifier. Creatures healed by channeled energy cannot exceed their maximum hit point total — all excess healing is lost. Each use of Channel Energy consumes a use of Turn Undead.

Divine Grace: At 2nd level, a healer gains a bonus equal to her Charisma bonus on all saving throws. 

Cleanse: You may expend a use of Turn Undead to cleanse the conditions from an ally (or yourself). At 2nd level your cleanse ability removes the fatigued condition. At 5th level, your clenase ability removes any diseases. At 8th level, your cleanse ability removes any poisons. At 11th level, your cleanse ability removes paralysis. At 14th level, your cleanse ability removes blindness and deafness. At 17th level, your cleanse ability removes curses. At 20th level, your cleanse ability restores life to the dead.

Enhanced Cures: At 3rd level, whenever you cast a cure spell as a healer, the maximum number of hit points healed is based on your healer level, not the limit based on the spell. For example, an 11th-level healer may cast cure light wounds to heal 1d8+11 hit points instead of the normal 1d8+5 maximum.

Protective Blessing: At 5th level, the duration of the Divine Shield feat is doubled when you use it.

Healer's Blessing: At 7th level, all of your healer spells are treated as if they were empowered, increasing the amount of damage healed by half (+50%). This does not apply to damage dealt to undead with a cure spell.

Divine Health: At 8th level, a healer is immune to all diseases, including magical diseases such as mummy rot and lycanthropy.

Improved Healer's Blessing: At 12th level, all of your healer spells are treated as if they were maximized. This power replaces the Healer's Blessing empower effect.

Fortunate Fate Ability: At 13th level, you can expend the use of a memorized Resurrection spell in order to cast the Fortunate Fate spell on an ally (or yourself). 

Greater Healer's Blessing: At 16th level, all of your healer spells are treated as if they are both maximized and empowered.

Foresight Ability: At 13th level, you can expend the use of a memorized Mass Heal spell in order to cast the Foresight spell on yourself.

Disjunction Ability: At 13th level, you can expend the use of a memorized Mass Heal spell in order to cast the Disjunction spell.

Champion of Life: Upon reaching 20th level, you become a perfect channel for life energy. You become immune to bleed, death attacks, exhaustion, fatigue, ability damage, nausea effects, negative levels, and sickened effects.  In addition, whenever she uses the channel energy ability to heal a creature, she heals the maximum possible amount.

**

New Feat: Imbued Healing
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
You imbue your healing spells with protective benefits based on the power of your belief.
Prerequisite: Healer 1
Benefit: Whenever you cast a conjuration (healing) spell, you not only heal your subject of hit point damage, but you also confer on it a bonus effect. The bonus is 1 temporary hit point per level/HD of the target and lasts for one hour. These temporary hit points do not stack with other sources of temporary hit points.
Use: Automatic.

New Feat: Greater Imbued Healing
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
You imbue your healing spells with protective benefits based on the power of your belief.
Prerequisite: Healer 12
Benefit: Whenever you cast a conjuration (healing) spell, you not only heal your subject of hit point damage, but you also confer on it a bonus effect. The bonus is 2 temporary hit point per level/HD of the target and lasts for one hour. These temporary hit points do not stack with other sources of temporary hit points.
Use: Automatic.

New Feat: Healer of the Land
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Your intimate understanding of the natural world allows you to imbue your spells with life-giving magical power from the land itself.
Prerequisite: Healer 1, Lore 5, Heal 5, Spellcraft 5
Benefit: This feat adds +2 points per spell level to the amount of damage healed by any healing spell. E.g., a 1st level Cure Light Wounds would heal an additional 2 hit points of damage and a 3rd level Cure Moderate Wounds would heal an additional 6 hit points of damage. This bonus stacks with the bonus gained from Augment Healing.
Use: Automatic.

New Feat: Fortunate Fate Ability
Whenever the target suffers an attack that would bring them below 0 hit points, a Heal spell is instantly cast on them.

New Feat: Foresight Ability
Your powers allow you to foresee flashes of the future, granting you +2 Dodge AC, +2 Reflex AC, and Immunity to Sneak Attacks for 10 minutes per Healer level.

New Feat: Disjunction Ability
As Mordenkainen's Disjunction.

[/spoiler]

Failed Spell List
This was a list put together by the community before, it still isn't final but it's a good indicator of the goal. ALL offensive spells and debuffs will fail when cast by a character with any Healer levels.

Here's a BIG list of spells that'd make sense to remove from a pacifist's arsenal. Basically, they're all the debuffs, summons, damage boosting, and attack spells.
[spoiler="Failed Spell List"][u][b]Kaedrin Spells:[/b][/u]
Lesser Aura of Cold
Awaken Sin
Blessing of the Righteous (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Castigate
Lesser Energized Shield (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Energized Shield (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Flame of Faith (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Flaywind Burst
Frost Breath
Weapon of Deity (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Lion's Roar
Weapon of Energy (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)

[u][b]Normal Spells:[/b][/u]

0:
Inflict Minor Wounds

1:
Bane
Cause Fear
Divine Favor
Doom
Magic Weapon (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Summon Creature 1

2:
Darkness
Death Knell
Inflict Moderate Wounds
Sound Burst
Summon Creature 2

3:
Animate Dead
Bestow Curse
Blindness/Deafness
Contagion
Glyph of Warding
Inflict Serious Wounds
Searing Light
Summon Creature 3
Weapon of Impact (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)

4:
Castigate
Hammer of the Gods
Hypothermia
Inflict Critical Wounds
Magic Weapon, Greater (fails when cast on anyone with Healer levels)
Poison
Summon Creature 4

5:
Battletide
Flame Strike
Inflict Light Wounds, Mass
Mass Contagion
Slay Living
Summon Creature 5

6:
Blade Barrier
Control Undead
Create Undead
Harm
Inflict Moderate Wounds, Mass
Planar Ally
Summon Creature 6

7:
Blood to Water
Destruction
Inflict Serious Wounds, Mass
Summon Creature 7
Word of Faith

8:
Aura versus Alignment
Bodak's Glare
Create Greater Undead
Earthquake
Fire Storm
Inflict Critical Wounds, Mass
Summon Creature 8
Sunbeam

9:
Energy Drain
Gate
Implosion
Storm of Vengeance
Summon Creature 9

Epic Spells:
All but Epic Mass Heal.
[/spoiler]

What do you folks think of a new series of Cure spells that are ranged? These spells would not be usable against undead. Druids would be a level behind just like the cure series (For Example, Heal Serious Wounds would be level 5).

Example (using a cleric), * means a new spell.
Cure Light Wounds - level 1, touch range, heals d8 +5 max.
* Heal Light Wounds - level 2, medium range, heals d8 +10 max.
Cure Moderate Wounds - level 2, touch range, heals 2d8 +10 max.
* Heal Moderate Wounds - level 3, medium range, heals 2d8 +15 max.
Cure Serious Wounds - level 3, touch range, heals 3d8 +15 max.
* Heal Serious Wounds - level 4, medium range, heals 3d8 + 20 max.
Cure Critical Wounds - level 4, touch range, heals 4d8 +20 max.
* Heal Critical Wounds - level 5, touch range, heals 4d8 +25 max.
Heal - level 6, touch range, heals 150 max.
* Heal Wounds - level 7, medium range, heals 200 max (10 * CL).
* Greater Heal, level 8, touch range, heals 300 max (15 * CL).
Mass Heal - level 9, short range, heals 250 max (10 * CL).