[list]
[*]Add - Disguise (custom polymorph system that lets you pick from player races, probably 5 choices for medium races and 5 for small races)
[*]Remove - Taunt (Demoralize is an implemented ability that uses Intimidate which is what PnP taunt is supposed to be. Taunt is just a skill sink for melees right now). Give Demoralize to all players who invest at least one rank into Intimidate.
[*]Remove - Craft Skills (use an experience based system instead)
[*]Alter - UMD - Leave it enabled for now but render it unusable for the most part (maybe just for equipping other classes gear, but not for scrolls/wands). If we EVER want it in, it needs to be there before characters get made without it (or full rebuilds will be needed). UMD is a script so we can hook what it does. Tie this to the new crafting systems, anti-stacking systems, and slot based enchantment systems. Once those are in place then UMD can be evaluated for it's actual effect.
[*]Alter - Tumble is made a cross class skill. Evading attacks of opportunity has a MAX DC of 15. The only way to make Spring Attack useful is to limit Tumble (and it also directly limits the AC that doesn't exist in pnp. Easy to make back up with Dodge boots bonus if we decide we want the AC later.
[*]Sleight of Hand - It tends to cause problems between players, does it not? Do we want the skill enabled or not? I'm pretty sure I can disable the "active effect" of Sleight and add a custom feat that follows whatever rules the staff want. That would eliminate the griefing possibility but keep the skill if desired.
[*]Add - Sense Motive (for opposing Bluff)
[*]Remove Move Silent and Listen. Rename Hide to Stealth and Spot to Perception. Pathfinder combines Hide and Move Silent into a skill called Stealth and Spot and Listen into a skill called Perception. That way there is only a single skill check for detect vs hiding (which currently has two checks constantly going which vastly increases the number of 1s rolled with the NWN2 engine). Maybe we should merge those up to improve stealthing which requires you to beat the spot/listen rolls by a crazy amount to avoid the constant low rolls.
[/list]

UMD Discussion Idea:

Please keep in mind that wand abuse is going to be much less of an issue because spells do not provide 99% of the stacking abuse they do on most servers.

Option A) When crafting there will be three class options. Arcane, Divine, and Rogue. This will allow Rogues to use any kind of scrolls/device but they will still need to meet some very specific requirements (such as scrolls correctly requiring needed the casting stat such as a 19 Int for a level 9 scroll). All arcanes can use scrolls created by an arcane and all divines can use a divine scroll. Scrolls are supposed to take 1 day per 1000gp to craft so blank scrolls will be limited in quantity to enforce this.

Option B) UMD is disabled. Scrolls will only be usable by the class that crafts them.
Sleight of Hand - It tends to cause problems between players (and can lead to lost items like Disarm). Do we want the skill enabled or not?

Disarm affects equipped weapons, Sleight of Hand affects the players inventory.

I'm pretty sure I can disable the "active effect" of Sleight and add a custom feat that follows whatever rules the staff want. That would eliminate the griefing possibility.

It's trivial to add Sense Motive and the full set of Lore skills. Sense Motive is used to oppose bluffing so that makes sense. The Lore skills are mostly easy to deal with except for the Bard class bonus. I can't make it apply to all lore skills without adding a custom bonus (which has a limit I'll have to look in to). Maybe the existing Lore skill can be Knowledge (Local).

On a separate note, one thing that occurred to me is that Pathfinder combines Hide and Move Silent into a skill called Stealth and Spot and Listen into a skill called Perception. That way there is only a single skill check for detect vs hiding (which currently has two checks constantly going which vastly increases the number of 1s rolled with the NWN2 engine). Maybe we should merge those up to improve stealthing which requires you to beat the spot/listen rolls by a crazy amount to avoid the constant low rolls.