Text in green is already completed and in testing but they can still be changed for balance reasons.

Possible changes/additions:
Telthor companion gains a subradial where you can choose between telthor bear and telthor wolf.
Improved Maximize Spell changed to +1 and not +2 spell level.
New Feat: Extra Invocation (Hideous Blow) - instant, 12s cooldown, same functionality as spell?
Fire Spirit Companion added for SS (same as druid/ranger fire elemental companion)?
Epic Spells gain a 2/day and 3/day version. Obviously not Vamp Feast. Any suggestions on which?

* New Reserve Feat: Wind-Guided Arrows (requires Haze of Swirling Dust be memorized, grants +2 AB to ranged attacks).
* New Spell: Haze of Swirling Dust (Ranger 3 only, 8rd duration, anyone in 20' burst area has 50% concealment, anyone in area takes 1d4 per 2 CL (max 5d4), Reflex save for half).

[color=green]
Holy Icon of War
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Warpriest level 10, Holy Warrior
Benefit: Your Holy Warrior ability provides an additional +2 damage.

Reward of Life
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
When you lay on hands, you are also healed.
Prerequisite: Lay on hands class feature.
Benefit: Each time you use your lay on hands ability to heal a
creature other than yourself, you are healed as well. This ability has
no effect if you use lay on hands to harm undead.

Companion Barding
You train your companion to wear a chain barding.
Prerequisites: Natural Bond.
Benefit: Your companion (telthor, animal, dino, elemental, dragon)
gains a +5 armor enhance bonus.

Wild Marksman
Your bow is not your only companion.
Prerequisites: Marksman 1, Natural Bond
Benefit: Your Marksman level (-3) is added to your Ranger levels for
determining your companions effectiveness.

Battlefield Surveyor
Your skill at studying the shifting tides of battle have improved your
ability to hear or spot enemies.
Prerequisites: Tracking, Scout 5
Benefit: You gain a +1 bonus to Listen and Spot for every 3 levels of
Scout and Wilderness Stalker.

Epic Empty Body
Prerequisites: Empty Body
Benefit: A monk gains haste while using Empty Body. The duration of
Empty Body is extended by his Wisdom modifier. Arcane Fist, Sacred
Fist, and Spiritual Fist levels are treated as Monk levels.

Extra Recall Spirit I
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisite: Recall Spirit
Benefit: You gain two extra daily uses of your recall spirit ability.

Extra Recall Spirit II
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisite: Recall Spirit
Benefit: You gain four extra daily uses of your recall spirit ability.
This feat replaces Extra Recall Spirit I.

Warband Arcanist
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Sorcerer level 8, 16 Charisma
Benefit: When you take levels in the Arcane Archer class, you gain
sorcerer spellcasting progression at each odd level. This feat should
be taken before your first level in arcane archer. Your Imbue Arrow
abilitity will also add your Sorcerer level to your Arcane Archer
level to determine damage. Casting Fireball as a sorcerer will cause
you to regain a use of Imbue Arrow.

Shadow Lyrist
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Bard level 8, 16 Charisma
Benefit: When you take levels in Shadowdancer, you gain bard
spellcasting progression at each odd level. This feat should be taken
before your first level in shadowdancer. Each time you cast Darkness,
Invisibility, or Shadow Conjuration as a bard you regain a use of
Shadow Evade.

Wildfire Blades
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Ranger 6, 14 Wisdom
Benefit: When you take levels in Invisible Blade, you gain ranger
spellcasting progression at each level. Your Blades of Fire spell
causes any kukri or dagger you are wielding to gain 1d10 fire damage
instead of 1d8.

Blade of the Shadow
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Shadowdancer, 2d6 Sneak Attack, BAB +6
Benefit: You gain +1d6 dice of Sneak Attack at levels 4, 7, and 10 of
Shadowdancer. Your Shadow Daze ability restores a use of Shadow Evade.
[/color]

Improved Stunning Fist (+2 DC), 10 feats. It was hidden in the 2da
from NWN1 so I'm going to test if they actually still work in NWN2.

New Feat: Rejuvenate Spirits
You turn your spiritual energy into a healing wave for your allies.
Prerequisites: Chastise Spirits
Benefit: You may expend two uses of Chastise Spirits to generate a
healing wave of energy that heals any allies (except yourself) within
30' for a number of d4 equal to half your class level. This ability
has no affect on the undead.

New Feat: Selective Shaping
Your mastery of magic has allowed you avoid your allies with your damage spells.
Prerequisites: Empower Spell, Maximize Spell, Extend Spell
Your spells no longer damage allies. Note that spells which hinder
movement or similar effects are not affected by this ability.

Master Healer
Prerequisite: Imbued Healing, Healing Domain
Benefit: All of your healing spells are maximized and then empowered.

New Feat: Epic Diamond Soul
Prerequisites: Diamond Soul
Benefit: A monk gains spell resistance equal to his current monk level
+ 16. Arcane Fist, Sacred Fist, and Spiritual Fist levels are treated
as Monk levels.

New Feat: Epic Perfect Self
Prerequisites: Perfect Self
Benefit: A monk gains DR 10/Adamantine instead of DR 10/Magic.

New Feat: Sacred Touch
Your faith has granted you another use of your Lay on Hands ability.
Prerequisites:
Adds a third use of Lay on Hands (requires Paladin 5) and allows CotSF
and Templar levels to count for Lay on Hands.

New Feat: Crushing Blow
Your focus allows you to smash your enemy's defenses.
Prerequisites: Improved Unarmed Strike, Stunning Fist.
Benefit: You can make a Stunning Fist attempt as a full-round action.
If successful, instead of stunning your target, you reduce the
target's AC by an amount equal to your Wisdom modifier for 1 minute
(penalty may not exceed your Monk level). This bonus is cut in half if
you multiclass.

New Feat: Fist of the Heavens
Your favor with the Gods has gifted you with the ability to wreathe
your fists with sacred flames.
Prerequisites: Ki strike (Adamantine), Intuitive Attack
Benefit: You add your Wisdom modifier as Divine damage to your unarmed
attacks (bonus may not exceed 1/2 your Monk level). This bonus is cut
in half if you multiclass.

New Feat: Fury of the Heavens
Your favor with the Gods is such that you may channel some of their
power into your attacks.
Prerequisites: Ki Strike (Magic)
Benefit: You can expend a use of Stunning Fist as a full-round action.
Your BAB is treated as though the first 10 levels of Monk have a High
BAB. This bonus lasts for 10 rounds plus your Wisdom modifier and will
not work if you multiclass.

New Feat: Sweeping Kick
Your masterful legwork while fighting allows you to make a sweeping
set of strikes to attempt to knockdown all foes within 5' of you.
Prerequisites: Knockdown, Improved Knockdown, Monk 5
Benefit: While unarmed, you make make a special Knockdown attempt
against every foe within 5' of you. This ability has a 30s cooldown.

New Feat: Heroic Swagger
You swagger with the skill of a true hero that is not entirely based on bravado.
Prerequisites: Swashbuckler 5
Benefit: You gain the benefits of the Heroism spell at all times.
These benefits improve to those of Greater Heroism once you obtain 13
levels in Swashbuckler.
Note: This feat has no effect if you have any fighter or weapon master levels.

New Feat: Dazzling Combatant
Your panache in battle coupled with your skill allows your improved
reaction ability to last longer.
Prerequisites: Improved Reaction, Swashbuckler Dodge
Benefit: Your Improved Reaction ability now lasts 2 rounds for every
level of Swashbuckler, Dervish, and Duelist you have.
Note: This feat has no effect if you have any fighter or weapon master levels.

New Feat: Dazzling Offense
Your dazzling combat skills continue to improve, especially offensively.
Prerequisites: Improved Reaction, Swashbuckler Dodge, Dazzling Combatant
Benefit: You gain a bonus on attack rolls equal to half your
Intelligence modifier (if any), maximum +4. This ability will not work
if you have any levels in assassin.
Note: This feat has no effect if you have any fighter or weapon master levels.

New Feat: Swaggering Dance
Your whirling dance of death takes on a new flair for the dramatic as
you swagger about the battlefield.
Prerequisites: Swashbuckler Dodge, Dervish Dance
Benefit: For every 3 levels of Swashbuckler you have, your Dervish
Dance bonus improves by +1 (maximum +5 bonus).
Note: This feat has no effect if you have any fighter or weapon master levels.

New Feat: Arcane Bloodline
Your bloodline has a history of strong arcane magic.
Prerequisites: Summon Familiar
Benefit: You activate Reserve feats as though the highest spell level
available was 2 higher than normal (maximum spell level of 9).

Combat Focus
Type of Feat: General
The way of the warrior requires more than simple, brute strength. Some
warriors bring their minds to such keen focus during the heat of
battle that they can attain superhuman levels of endurance,
perception, and mental toughness.
Prerequisite: Wis 13
Benefit: In battle, you push aside the chaos of the fight and attain a
focused state that grants you a keen, clear picture of battle. The
focus lasts for 10 rounds, +1 additional round per combat form feat
you have and has a 3 minute cooldown on use.

While you are maintaining your combat focus, you gain a +2 bonus on
Will saves. If you have three or more combat form feats, this bonus
increases to +4.
Special: A fighter can select Combat Focus as one of his fighter bonus feats.
Use: Selected.

Combat Stability
Type of Feat: General
When you maintain your combat focus, you become difficult to disloge.
Your muscles lock into an unyielding position.
Prerequisite: Combat Focus, BAB +3
Benefit: You gain immunity to knockdown while you maintain your combat focus.
Special: A fighter can select Combat Stability as one of his fighter
bonus feats.
Use: Automatic.

Combat Defense
Type of Feat: General
The state of keen focus and mental discipline you attain in combat
allows you to shift the focus of your defense with careful, precise
maneuvers.
Prerequisite: Combat Focus, Dex 13, Dodge, BAB +6
Benefit: While maintaining your combat focus, you gain a +1 dodge bonus to AC.
Special: A fighter can select Combat Defense as one of his fighter bonus feats.
Use: Automatic.

Combat Vigor
Type of Feat: General
When you maintain your combat focus, your clarity of purpose and
relentless drive allow you to overcome your body's frailties. Minor
wounds heal in a matter of seconds, and you quickly recover from even
a grievous blow.
Prerequisite: Combat Focus, BAB +9
Benefit: While you maintain your combat focus, you gain regeneration
2. If you have three or more combat form feats, the benefit of this
feat improves to regeneration 4.
Special: A fighter can select Combat Vigor as one of his fighter bonus feats.
Use: Automatic.

Called Shot
Type of Feat: General
Your skill with ranged weapons lets you score hits others would miss
due to an opponent's cover.
Prerequisite: BAB +3, Point Blank Shot
Benefit: Your target no longer benefits from concealment for two
rounds. This ability is instant and has a five-round cooldown.
Special: A fighter can select Called Shot as one of his fighter bonus feats.
Use: Automatic.

New Feat: Dirgesinger
Your weave the oral history and traditions of your tribe into your
bardic performances.
Prerequisites: Rage 2/day, Bardsong 4/day
Benefit: You add half your Barbarian levels (capped by your Bard
level) to your Bard level to determine the effects of songs and
inspirations you already know. This does not grant additional uses of
bardsong or new songs.

New Feat: Invulnerable Rager
Some barbarians learn to take whatever comes their way, shrugging off
mortal wounds with ease. These barbarians invite their enemies to
attack them, and use pain to fuel their rage.
Prerequisites: Rage 2/day
Benefit: The invulnerable rager gains DR/— equal to half her barbarian
level while raging. This DR does not stack with any other source.

New Feat: Intimidating Prowess
Your physical might is intimidating to others.
Benefit: Add your Strength modifier to Intimidate skill checks in
addition to your Charisma modifier.

New Feat: Discordant Voice
By singing out a precise tone, you cause discordant vibrations to run
through allies' weapons.
Prerequisites: Perform 10, Bard 1
Benefit: You expend a use of bardsong to grant allies within 30' a 1d6
sonic damage bonus to their melee attacks for 1 minute. This bonus
does not affect you.

New Feat: Diehard
You are especially hard to kill. Not only do your wounds automatically
stabilize when grievously injured, but you can remain conscious and
continue to act even at death's door.
Prerequisites: Toughness
Benefit: Once per day you can prepare yourself against the trials to
come. This preparation grants you a heal on death effect that will
restore a number of points of health equal to half the total of your
Survival and Heal skills.

Spinning Halberd
Type: General
Prerequisite: Weapon Focus (Halberd), Dodge, Two-Weapon fighting
Benefit: While wielding a Halberd with both hands, you gain a +1 dodge
bonus to your Armor Class as well as an additional attack.

Daring Buccaneer
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisite: Grace +1, Fearsome Reputation +2.
Benefit: Your dread pirate and swashbuckler levels stack for the
purpose of determining your competence bonus on Reflex saves from the
grace class feature and the swashbuckler's dodge bonus to AC. For
example, a 7th-level dread pirate/4th-level swashbuckler has grace +2
and gains a +2 dodge bonus to AC, as if she were an 11th-level
swashbuckler.
Your dread pirate and swashbuckler levels also stack for the purpose
of determining your dread pirate level for Fearsome Reputation. For
example, a 7th-level dread pirate/4th-level swashbuckler would have
Fearsome Reputation +6 as if she were an 10th-level dread pirate.
You combine grace and brashness to deadly effect.

Spellbreaker Song
Type: Bardic Music
Prerequisite: Bardic Music, Dissonant Chord 1
Benefit: You can use your music to interfere with spells. Doing this
costs one daily use of your bardic music ability. Enemy spellcasters
within 30 feet of you suffer a 20% spell failure chance. This effect
lasts for 3 rounds plus any other bardsong duration modifiers. This
song will not stack with itself.
Use: Selected.

Dreadful Wrath
Type: Background
You are terrible to behold in battle, and few foes have the heart to
face you without quailing.
Benefit: Each enemy within a 20-foot radius of you must succeed on a
Will save (DC 10 + 1/2 your character level + your Cha modifier) or be
shaken (-2 Saves, -2 AC, -2 AB) for 1 minute. This ability does not
affect those immune to fear.

Roll With It I-VI
Type: General
Prerequisite: Con 20, Toughness
Benefit: You gain damage reduction 2/-. This feat stacks with Epic
Damage Reduction and Greater Resilience along with the highest single
source of DR/- (Barbarian, Dwarven Defender, Dragonslayer, Anointed
Knight, or Warrior of Darkness). You can gain this feat multiple
times. Each time you gain the feat, your damage reduction increases by
2, up to a maximum of 12/-.

Imbued Healing
Type: General
Benefit: Whenever you cast a conjuration (healing) spell, you not only
heal your subject of hit point damage, but you also grant them 1
temporary hit point per level they possess. These temporary hit points
last for up to 1 hour. This bonus does not apply to heals you cast on
yourself. Affected spells are: x

New Feat: Extra Invocation (Hideous Blow) - instant, 12s cooldown,
same functionality as spell

Fire Spirit Companion added for SS (same as druid/ranger fire
elemental companion)?

New Feat: Epic Rapid Reload
Prerequisites: Rapid Reload, Ranger 20
You gain an additional attack when using a crossbow. This extra attack
does not stack with a Barbarian's Whirlwind Frenzy or a Bladesinger's
Song of Fury.

New Feat: Lightning Strikes Twice
Prerequisites: Monk 5
You gain an additional attack with unarmed attacks. At epic levels you
add 2 points of electrical damage to your unarmed attacks. This is an
activated ability with a 24 hour duration. If you multiclass, you will
not gain the additional attack.

New Feat: Improved Chastise Spirits
You have become skilled enough with Chastise Spirits to harm
non-spirits with your energy burst.
Prerequisites: Ghost Warrior
Benefit: Your Chastise Spirits ability will deal damage to enemies
that are not spirits (excluding constructs).

New Feat: Improved Weaken Spirits
You have become skilled enough with Weaken Spirits to harm non-spirits
with your ability.
Prerequisites: Improved Chastise Spirits
Benefit: Your Weaken Spirits will affect affect enemies that are not
spirits (excluding constructs).

New Feat: Energy Substitution (Fire) (also Cold, Electrical, and Acid)
You can modify an energy-based spell to use another type of energy instead.
Prerequisites: Lore 5, any metamagic feat.
Benefit: Any spell you case with an elemental descriptor uses the
chosen type of energy instead. For example, a fireball cast while
Energy Substitution (Cold) is active will be composed of cold energy.
Special: This is an activated feat and may be turned on or off. Only
the last Energy Substition feat turned on will work (in the case of
multiple energy substitution feats).

Possible changes:
Telthor companion gains a subradial where you can choose between
telthor bear and telthor wolf.
Improved Maximize Spell changed to +1 and not +2 spell level.

Reckless Offensive
Prerequisite: Base Attack Bonus +2, Power Attack.
Benefit: This stance grants you a +2 attack bonus and -4 AC bonus. You
cannot use Reckless Offensive with ranged attacks. This is an
instantly activated ability and will last until it is cancelled.
Special: Fighters may take this as a bonus feat.

From Smite to Song
Type: General
Prerequisite: Perform 3, Smite Evil
Benefit: You can spend a smite evil attempt to duplicate the effects
of the inspire courage bardic music ability. Your effective bard level
is equal to your paladin level.

Imbued Healing
Type: General
Prerequisite: Augment Healing
Benefit: Whenever you cast a conjuration (healing) spell, you not only
heal your subject of hit point damage, but you also grant them 1
temporary hit point per level they possess. These temporary hit points
last for up to 1 hour.

Fists of Iron
Type: General
Prerequisite: Improved Unarmed Strike, Stunning Fist, BAB +2
Benefit: You deal an extra 1d6 points of blunt damage for 18 seconds.
Each activation consumes one use of your Stunning Fist ability. This
is an instantly activated ability.

Fast Healer
Type of Feat: General
You benefit greatly from your healing, be it from spells or natural healing.
Prerequisite: Con 13, Toughness, Diehard
Benefit: When you regain hit points by resting or through magical
healing, you recover additional hit points equal to half your Con
modifier (minimum +1).
Trigger Spells: Cure Critical Wounds, Mass Cure Critical Wounds, Mass
Cure Light Wounds, Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass Cure Moderate Wounds,
Cure Serious Wounds, Mass Cure Serious Wounds, Heal , Mass Heal, and
Insignia of Healing

Superior Summoning
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
You can summon more creatures.
Prerequisites: Augment Summoning
Benefit: Each time you cast a summoning spell you may summon an
additional creature if the first one dies before the spell duration
expires.

Shield of Swings
Type of Feat: General
A wild frenzy of attacks serves to bolster your defenses.
Prerequisites: Str 13, Power Attack, BAB +1
Benefit: You suffer a -6 AB penalty and gain a +4 shield enhance
bonus. This benefit lasts until cancelled.

Steel Soul
You are especially resistant to magic.
Type of Feat: Background
Prerequisites: Dwarf
Benefit: You receive an additional +2 bonus on saving throws.

Tiger Combat Style
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Improved Unarmed Strike, Intimidate 3
Benefit: You can deal bludgeoning damage or slashing damage with your
unarmed strikes. You also inflict the wounding property on your foes.

Tiger Ferocity
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Tiger Combat Style, Intimidate 6
Benefit: You add piercing damage to the damage types you can deal with
your unarmed strikes. Further, you gain a +2 bonus on Demoralize
Opponent checks as well as gain the feat itself if you do not already
have it.

Raging Knockdown
Type of Feat: General
You expend some of your rage to slam into your opponent with great force.
Prerequisites: Str 13, Con 13, Rage, Improved Knockdown, Power Attack, BAB +6
Benefit: You may expend a use of rage and make a special knockdown
attempt with a bonus to the attempt equal to your Constitution bonus.
You also deal blunt damage equal to your Strength modifier plus your
Constitution modifier.

Spirit of Fury
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Rage, Power Attack, BAB +6, Str 18, Con 18
Benefit: You have a 15% chance to gain an extra melee attack when you
rage though you suffer a -4 AB penalty. This chance increases to 25%
if you rage while already under the effects of Frenzy and the penalty
is reduced to -2. This feat will not work if you have any fighter or
weapon master levels.

Blood of the Dragon
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Sorcerer level 8, 20 Charisma, Less than 12 Strength
Benefit: When you take take levels in the Dragon Disciple class, you
gain sorcerer spellcasting progression at each odd level. This feat
should be taken before your first level in dragon disciple.

Spirit Champion
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Spirit Shaman level 9, 18 Wisdom
Benefit: When you take levels in Divine Champion, you gain spirit
shaman spellcasting progression at each odd level. This feat should be
taken before your first level in divine champion. Using Divine Wrath
will restore a use of your Spirit Form ability.

Shadow Master
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisites: Shadowdancer level 10
Summon a shadow familiar with a BAB equal to yours. 18/22/26/30 HD

Shadow of the Wild
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisites: Ranger 6, Shadowdancer 1
When you take levels in Shadowdancer, you gain ranger spellcasting
progression at each level.

Extra Shadow Evade
Type of Feat: General
Prerequisite: Shadowdancer 6
Benefit: You gain two extra daily uses of your shadow evade ability.

Shadowcaster
Type of Feat: Spellcasting
Prerequisite: Shadowdancer 9
Benefit: You gain access to a small pool of shadow magic (six uses per
day). You may cast Shield, Mage Armor, or Expeditious Retreat.

Craft Spell - http://nwn2customcontent.wikidot.com/craft-spell

Epic Supremacy
Type of Feat: Epic
Prerequisite: Fighter 26, Weapon Supremacy, any Melee Weapon Mastery feat
Benefit: You gain an additional attack while wielding a melee weapon.
Special: A fighter can select Epic Supremacy as one of his fighter bonus feats.
Use: Automatic.

Improved Ghost Strike
Type of Feat: Epic
Prerequisite: Ninja 20
Benefit: Your Ghost Strike ability now affects all creatures. You now qualify for Epic Precision.

Epic Brutality
Type of Feat: Epic
Prerequisite: Thug 26
Benefit: You now qualify for Epic Precision.

Epic Spell Mastery
Type of Feat: Epic
Prerequisite: Sorcerer 20
Benefit: You gain a second use per day of any epic spell you know.

Epic Spell Mastery
Type of Feat: Epic
Prerequisite: Wizard 20
Benefit: You gain a second use per day of any epic spell you know.